Writing Our First Program
=========================

In this lesson, we'll examine one of the simplest programs in V.

Yes it is the iconic [Hello World](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22Hello%2C_World!%22_program)
that is often the first program someone would write in language they are learning.

```v
fn main() {
	println('Hello, World!')
}
```

In V, functions are declared with the `fn` keyword, followed by the name of the
function (in this case `main`), the parameters to the function, if any (in this
case there aren't any), then an opening curly brace, `{`, on the same line.

V also has 2 ways to output text - one that only prints what is given to it,
`print`, and one that automatically adds a linefeed to the end of whatever it
is given, `println`.

Using
```v
println('Hello, World!')
```
above is the equivalent to
```c
println('Hello, World!')
```
in C.

Finally, the closing curly brace, `}`, to end the function.

One thing to clarify - V doesn't care if you use single quotes (`'`) or double
quotes (`"`) around a string of characters, the opening and closing quotes just
have to match.  This means you can't use `'a string"` or `"a string'` but either
`'a string'` or `"a string"` are fine.

This is unusual amongst programming programming languages, where you must only
use one or the other (in C, for example, only double quotes are valid around
strings), or if both types are supported, they have different meanings.  In V,
they are both equally valid, and mean exactly the same thing.

Also note that both `print` and `println` are builtin functions in V - nothing extra
is needed to use them, other than typing their names and giving them something
to print.

If you save the code above to a file named `hello_world.v`, you can run it using the command
```
v run hello_world.v
```
and the output will be
```
Hello, World!
```
