More Advanced Program
=====================

Now, for a slightly more complex version of the `Hello World` program.  This is
a copy of one of the examples on the [V Home Page](https://vlang.io):
```v
fn main() {
	areas := ['game', 'web', 'tools', 'science', 'systems', 'embedded', 'drivers', 'GUI', 'mobile']
	for area in areas {
		println('Hello, ${area} developers!')
	}
}
```

In this version of the program, several more ideas are introduced.

V variables are declared by giving the name, followed by `:=` then a value to
set both the initial value of the variable and it's type.

In the example,
```v
areas := ['game', 'web', 'tools', 'science', 'systems', 'embedded', 'drivers', 'GUI', 'mobile']
```
`areas` is declared as the name of a variable, and is assigned the type `[]string`
(meaning an array of strings), with the initial values of the array set to the
strings inside the `[]` characters.

Unlike other languages, V does not allow you to create a variable without
assigning a value, as the value sets the variable type.

The 2nd new thing is the [`for`](https://github.com/vlang/v/blob/master/doc/docs.md#for-loop)
loop, which is the only looping statement in V (although it does support several
variations).

For this variation, it is used to loop over the values in the `areas` array, so
that each one can be used in the `println` statement.
```v ignore
	for area in areas {
```
This means "for every string in the `areas` string array, assign the value to a
variable named `area`, then execute the statements inside the `{}`.

The `println` statement is also different in this example:
```v oksyntax
println('Hello, ${area} developers!')
```
Here, V uses a new concept called "string interpolation".  This basically means
that V will take whatever is inside `${}` in the string, treat it as V code,
and use the value as if it was part of the string when it is printed.

For this specific case, it means "use the value of the variable named `area`",
and the result is a string that changes every time through the loop, as the
value of `area` changes.

If you save the file to `hello_developers.v` and run it with `v run hello_developers.v`,
the output is
```
Hello, game developers!
Hello, web developers!
Hello, tools developers!
Hello, science developers!
Hello, systems developers!
Hello, embedded developers!
Hello, drivers developers!
Hello, GUI developers!
Hello, mobile developers!
```
